hey guys I've outside 94-year by game
well this place I three part 45 we got a
little problem here when that gravel
came information here's one problem we
have 74 coins we need 4400 me so we're
going to do we're going to steal I'm
suggesting we should do more intuition
first match let's just go let's go take
a day without missions okay just welcome
to China not Japan China as you science
mission over there gravel camp Reagan
okay we can't do that get a job in
triple reunion yeah those are missions
we're going to just steal money
alright so it'll be a little long video
I think oh crap Hildy is here isn't she
is she but I saw someone get killed that
sounds like a yes what was that oh yeah
she's here I think the guys are the most
valuables must be flashlights yeah
me and not be nested I actually just go
with um my mission alright wasted about
two minutes tearful reunion it's the one
with a mysterious signal it is over
there
I really is your God right now gets by
cuz she knows me she knows the gang very
good they're ok I know I yeah that's
right now I remember he go faster and I
break it up ok that's epic failure that
was epic failure all right I'm not
seeing anything hey PA he's waiting to
clear great thanks on a step I don't
believe it it's the team BAM last time I
started floating away on a block of ice
in Canada and now it's here highly
probable David ocean currents I gotta go
get it don't worry baby mamas but by my
baby hold your position I should be able
to drag the man who you using my arms
each other bless you Penelope push you
and your bag of remote-control gizmos
okay we gotta now help Marie with a van
here this is really my favorite mission
in China
phone all right oh oh yeah now i'm doing
some videos games get juicy right now
okay all right I'm friend and right if
we also forgot about that sign right
well she's on the hotel or that you call
you know she's all right now he's a
ninja
so guys um
sorry about that
I know if you found any weights the best
expand sorry just we're going about
doing some things we chose to get this
sign out so everyone knows i'm recording
and two I just one no I'm dead
are we wrong there yay
oh my sweet man how I missed you don't
worry offered you out of your icy prison
I really have it on slide the man's gone
oh god oh right now I'm hallucinating
yay I can't lose her again what no no
either help me or get out of my way
all right okay all right now